The front end was built in tkinter due to its flexibility to operate on Windows,
Linux, and Mac OS. The programming language used was python


secuure_gui_login::

This is the starting window from which all new windows are created.

Error boxes open if you attempt to submit a login with empty fields or if you
enter non-existent credentials.

Clicking register will open a new window to allow you to add a master user and
password. This utilizes the secuure_gui_register activity

If login is successful, a window on account info will open. This window is
handled by the secuure_gui_accinfo activity


secuure_gui_register::

This page contains 4 user input fields as well as a password confirmation field

Error box opens if one attempts to submit with an empty field or conflicting
password fields

If the account exists, A message will be printed but no pop up will open. This
was done on purpose to prevent the user from having to close a window everytime
this occured.

Once a valid combination of credentials is submitted, the account is created and
the registration window closes


secuure_gui_accinfo::

This window shows a list of websites that the user has accounts saved
for.

You can click add to add a new website through the secuure_gui_accadd
activity

You can click remove to remove websites through the secuure_gui_accrem
activity

You can click refresh to refresh the list of websites that your account
has

Finally, you can click a website name to recieve information about your
saved account for the site


secuure_gui_accadd::

In this activity you can add a username, password, and notes to an
account listing for a website

You can generate the password using special rules such as the need for
capital letters, special characters, numbers and a length from 8 to 20

Once a combination of credentials is valid, they are added and the
window is destroyed. Make sure to refresh the info window afterwards


secuure_gui_accrem::

This window simply lists all the websites you own. Clicking one deletes
it.

secuure_gui_accwebinfo::

This window shows all of the info for the website that you clicked on in
the main info page.


Important General notes::

This frontend was designed with a focus for user experience as much as
possible. It was made particularly difficult by how awful tkinter was.
Aesthetics were absolutely horrible and difficult to nicely adjust. One
thing that was really put emphasis on is the ability to use the escape
key to exit a window as well as the enter key instead of a submit
button.
